Effective May 28, 2020A core value here at LinkedIn is to put our members first. These Professional Community Policies ensure that the millions of conversations taking place each day on our services help our members be more productive and successful and are free of inappropriate and unwanted content or behavior. These policies, which we continue to develop, provide guidance and rules for the use of our services.We ask every member on LinkedIn to act responsibly. If you see something that you believe may violate our policies, please report it to us. This includes whether it appears in profiles, posts, comments, conversations, or anywhere else. These reports, along with our automated defenses, help us identify and prevent abuse and misbehavior. Please use the reporting tools responsibly and only for their intended purposes. To learn more about how to report inappropriate behavior, visit our LinkedIn Safety Center.A violation of these policies may result in us taking enforcement actions. Depending on the severity of the violation and a member’s behavior or account history, we may limit the visibility of certain content, remove content from our platform, or even restrict a member’s account in the event of severe or repeated offenses. If you believe action taken on your content or your account was in error, you can submit a request to appeal your case. Thank you for using LinkedIn. Together we can keep our platform a safe, trusted and professional place where we can create economic opportunity for everyone. Be trustworthy. Our members must be real people, who provide their real name and accurate information about themselves. We don’t allow fake profiles on our platform and it’s not okay to provide misleading or deceptive information about yourself, your qualifications, work experience, affiliations, or achievements.Learn more about being trustworthy  Impersonation & Misrepresentation You may not impersonate others or mislead, confuse, or deceive. Pretending to be someone else or representing a business in a way that’s not truthful is not allowed. You’re not allowed to use an image of someone else, or an artificial or synthetic image, as a representation of yourself. You may not post “deepfake” images or videos of others or otherwise post content that has been manipulated to deceive. You likewise may not associate yourself on LinkedIn with a business or organization that you are not actually associated with. You may not use or attempt to use another person's LinkedIn account or create a member profile for anyone other than yourself. When choosing a profile picture, you may not use an image that is not your likeness for your profile. Also, you may not manipulate identifiers in order to disguise the origin of any message or post transmitted through the services. The fact that LinkedIn, in rare cases, may allow clearly fictional profiles with express prior permission does not waive our right to prohibit your false profile or false association with a business or organization. Be professional. We acknowledge the value of discussions around professional activities and ask our members to behave professionally by not being dishonest or inappropriate. When creating content, we ask that you keep it professional, relevant, and on-topic. For more information, see our Publishing Platform Guidelines. Do not share false information or use the services to shock or intimidate others. And it is not okay to share graphic, obscene, or pornographic content on the services.Learn more about being professional  Honesty and authenticity Be honest, forthright, and respectful. Only invite people that you know, that are recommended to you by trusted connections, or that you otherwise trust to join your network. Do not share comments, opinions, or other content in a manner that is intended to be misleading or inaccurate or to conceal a conflict of interest or unlawful motive, including to interfere in or improperly influence an election. Do not share content that directly contradicts guidance from leading global health organizations and public health authorities. You may not use the services to share false content or information, including news stories, that presents untrue facts or events as though they are true or likely true. When you share content or endorse someone or something in exchange for personal benefit (including personal or family relationships, monetary payment, free products or services, or other value), you must include a clear and conspicuous notice of the personal benefit you receive. Relevance Your messages, posts, comments, hashtags, and other content should be on-topic and relevant. LinkedIn is a professional community for sharing professional content and information, so don’t share content that’s irrelevant or inappropriate. Adult content It's not acceptable to post content containing nudity or sexually explicit material or language. (Some adult content may be allowed if the intent is clearly educational, medical, scientific, or artistic, and it’s not gratuitously graphic.) The services are never to be used for sexual exploitation of children. You also may not post content that threatens sexual violence or sexual assault. You may not use the services to send unsolicited sexual advances, engage in or promote non-consensual sexually explicit content (e.g., revenge porn), escort services, prostitution, or human trafficking. Be safe. We strive to maintain a civil and friendly community for our members. The services shouldn't be used to harm others or their careers or business prospects or to air personal grievances and disputes. It is not okay to harass, abuse, or send other unwelcome communications to people (e.g., romantic advances, sexually explicit content, junk mail, spam, chain letters, phishing schemes). We do not allow hate speech, hate groups, terrorists, or those who engage in violent crimes on the services.Learn more about being safe.  Bullying and harassment We don’t allow bullying or harassment that targets individuals or groups to degrade or shame. This includes abusive language, sexual advances and innuendo, revealing others' personal or sensitive information (aka "doxing"), posting content about them without consent, or inciting or engaging others to do any of the same. Hate We don’t allow content that denigrates, intimidates, or incites or threatens hatred, violence, or prejudicial action against individuals or groups because of their actual or perceived race, ethnicity, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, or mental, medical, or physical condition. Hate groups are not welcome and not permitted on the services. Violence We don’t allow any threat of violence against an individual or a group on our platform. This includes statements of an intent to kill or inflict serious physical harm. We don’t allow individuals or groups that engage in or promote violence, property damage, or organized criminal activity. You may not use our services to express support for such individuals or groups or to post content or otherwise use the services to incite or glorify violence. Terrorism We don’t allow any terrorist organizations or violent extremist groups on our platform. And we don’t allow any individuals who affiliate with such organizations or groups to promote their activities. Content that depicts terrorist activity, that is intended to recruit for terrorist organizations, or threatens, promotes, or supports terrorism in any manner is not tolerated on the services. Harmful content and shocking material We don’t allow graphic or other content intended to shock or humiliate others. We don’t allow activities that promote, organize, depict, or facilitate criminal activity. We also don’t allow content depicting or promoting instructional weapon making, drug abuse, and threats of theft. Content or activities that promote or encourage suicide or any type of self-injury, including self-mutilation and eating disorders, is also not allowed. If you see signs that someone may be considering self-harm, please report it. Spam and scams We do not allow untargeted, irrelevant, obviously unwanted, unauthorized, inappropriately commercial or promotional, or gratuitously repetitive messages or other similar content. Do not use LinkedIn to sensationalize or capitalize on tragic events for commercial purposes. Do not use our invitation feature to send promotional messages to people you don’t know or to otherwise spam people. Please make the effort to create original, professional, relevant, and interesting content in order to gain popularity, instead of trying ways to artificially increase the number of views, re-shares, likes, or comments. Respect others' rights and follow the law. Before sharing or using someone else's copyrighted works, trademarks, private information, or trade secrets, make sure you have the legal right to do so. The services should not be used for illegal activities, promoting illegal products, or violating the rights of others. Don't use the services to commit fraud or to try to trick others. Also, don't use the services to intentionally distribute viruses, worms, or other software that can destroy or interrupt others' data or computer devices.Learn more about respecting others' rights and following the law.  Privacy and publicity You must respect others' privacy on the services. You may not solicit email addresses or other personal information from LinkedIn members you don't know without authorization; use, disclose or distribute on LinkedIn any data obtained in violation of any of our policies or agreements; disclose information that you don’t have the right to disclose (such as personal or confidential information of others, including your employer); or post or distribute content depicting children without the necessary consent from such child's legal guardian or parent. Don’t use others' names, likenesses, or photos to suggest an endorsement of a product, service, or investment without their prior consent. Compliance with law Your use of the services must comply with all applicable laws including, without limitation, privacy laws, intellectual property laws, anti-spam laws, export control laws, tax laws, and regulatory requirements. You may not use the services to create or operate a pyramid scheme, engage in fraud, or to sell or promote illegal products, including drugs. Copyright and trademark We respect the intellectual property rights of others and don’t allow copyright infringement. You may not violate the intellectual property rights of others, including copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets, or other proprietary rights. For example, don’t copy or distribute (except through the available sharing functionality) the posts or other content of others without their permission, which they may give by posting under a Creative Commons license. Visit the LinkedIn Copyright Policy to learn more about how to report copyright infringement. For more information on trademark rules, see our Trademark Policy. Respect LinkedIn's rights. Don't violate the rights of LinkedIn. For more information about what this means, see our User Agreement . It’s not okay to suggest that you’re affiliated with or endorsed by LinkedIn when you’re not. Don’t violate our intellectual property rights, scrape the services, or interfere with or disrupt the services. Learn more about respecting LinkedIn's rights.  Unauthorized access and use You may access the services only in the manner that we expressly authorize, for the tasks that the services are intended for. You may not access the services except through the interfaces intentionally provided by LinkedIn, such as its mobile applications and linkedin.com. Interference with the Services You may not interfere with the functionality of, or our rights in, the services. You may not remove any copyright, trademark, or other proprietary rights notices contained in or on the services. Respect our rules You must follow the spirit and letter of our rules, agreements, and policies. You may not violate any additional terms concerning the specific services that are provided when you sign up for or start using such services.